#summary One-NetS-X Installation Manual.
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =
This page guides through the installation process of NetS-X. There are two possible ways to install NetS-X, either via PXEboot or via Etherboot image. Further more the needed hardware is reduced one again.  

PXEboot needs the configuration of a router, which supplies the client with theTFTP boot server address. The Etherboot can be initiated directly by using an image file on a booteable media.
=Needed Hardware=

  * one physical computer (CPU with virtualization extension)
  * two physical ethernet network ports 
  * one DD-WRT capable router
  * one Alfa AWUS036H (500mW USB WLAN Adapter)
  * optional: one connector between Alfa and the router


=Installation topics=
The NetS-X VMserver installation is fully automatic via PXEboot/netboot and preseed. The Topology itself has to be setup manually. 

Installation topics

  # Router configuration or netboot preperation
  # VMserver Installation
  # Router Installation
  # Identify network cards
  # NetS-X Game Engine Installation
  # NetS-X Clients Installation
  # NetS-X Backtrack Clients Integration
  # Interface Konfiguration Guests
  # WEP Scenario Hardware Integration


==Build Etherboot image=
To build a gpxe boot image please see http://rom-o-matic.net.
The preset is mostly fine, but add
{{{
DOWNLOAD_PROTO_HTTPS
}}}
and

Embedded Script:
{{{
#!gpxe
dhcp net0
chain https://nets-x.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Installer/NetsX-gpxeScript.gpxe
}}}


==Download Etherboot Image==
You can get an Image which is ready to bur it on a CD.
http://nets-x.googlecode.com/files/netsx-gpxe-1.0.1.iso

==Configure pxe boot==

 To configure pxe boot on your router add the following line to your DNSmasq config file.
{{{
dhcp-boot=pxelinux.0,www.nets-x.hs-bremen.de,194.94.26.40
}}}


==VMserver Password==
The password is
 r00tme